I heard that our school is going to offer a special math Olympiad training class soon
Do you want to rush to the physical training team? You can also sprint
special training class
You two work hard
At that time, the three of us will transfer back to the old campus together
Still one piece
Is this news accurate?
Absolutely not wrong
Just because he wants to go to a special training class
As long as you are willing to work hard, it is good
Hey, why are you on his side?
He hit you last time
He apologized to me.
Adults have a lot
You are not worried at all that Ge Yue will be robbed by him
Qi Yi and Ge Yue have nothing to do with each other
What's there to worry about?
Anyway, I like you and Ge Yue
No one wants to break them
You get out of the way
do not allow
Qi Yi, look at him
Don't let
Let's see him
You
Do the questions seriously?